Attune updates 1.3.8 (#179)
athola/claude-night-market: plugins/pensive/skills/safety-critical-patterns/SKILL.md

---
name: safety-critical-patterns

> description: 'Guidelines from NASA''s Power of 10 rules for writing robust, verifiable

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Guidelines from the NASA Power of 10 rules for writing robust, verifiable
```
